plugin/template : add support for extended DNS errors (#5659)
miekg/coredns: plugin/template/README.md

  in a response with an empty answer section.
* `rcode` **CODE** A response code (`NXDOMAIN, SERVFAIL, ...`). The default is `NOERROR`. Valid response code values are
  per the `RcodeToString` map defined by the `miekg/dns` package in `msg.go`.
* `ederror` **EXTENDED_ERROR_CODE** is an extended DNS error code as a number defined in `RFC8914` (0, 1, 2,..., 24).

>               **EXTRA_REASON** is an additional string explaining reason for receiving given extended DNS error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              **EXTRA_REASON** is an additional string explaining the reason for returning the error.
```

Author: thanks for the review! adjusted as you suggested
